Tor Project Board Meeting Minutes for August 20, 2018

Phone/Video Meeting called to order at 15:00 UTC

Present: Shari Steele, Matt Blaze, Ramy Raoof, Cindy Cohn, Linus
Nordberg, Biella Coleman, Nick Mathewson, Julius Mittenzwei, Megan
Price, and Roger Dingledine

1. Administrivia

– Approval of June 20, 2018 minutes. Julius made the motion, Bruce
  seconded, all voted in favor.

RESOLVED: minutes from June 20, 2018 approved.

2. Executive Director Transition Overview

– To replace Isabela, two project managers have been hired.

– Isabela will transition around mid-September and Shari will remain
  as a consultant and join the board.

4. Finances

– Moved to add Isabela Bagueros to the bank account: “The board of
  directors of the Tor Project, Inc., hereby authorizes Isabela
  Bagueros to be added as a signatory on the organization's Bank of
  America checking account #XXXXX.” Biella made the motion to add her
  to the account, Ramy seconded, all voted in favor.

RESOLVED: Incoming Executive Director, Isabela Bagueros added to the
TPI. Bank of America account.

– Shari explained that the Merrill Lynch cash securities account was
  closed due to inactivity. She proposed we open it again and include
  board members who had been previously added before via board vote as
  signatories (Cindy Cohn and Biella Coleman) and add incoming ED,
  Isabela Bagueros.

– Cindy made the motion to add Biella Coleman, Isabela Bagueros, and
  Cindy Cohn as indicated on the on the Merrill Lynch account board
  book exhibit, Matt seconded, all voted in favor.

– Shari went over grants, budget, pending grants and finances.

– Shari explained that a number of grants still need to be billed and
  the CFO, Sue Abt is working diligently on this matter and will have
  more time to work on it once a book keeper is hired.

5. New Board Members

– Cindy and Ramy provided an update about current search for new board
  members.

6. Mexico Meeting

– Discussion of board meeting logistics and format.

Meeting Adjourned at 16:46 UTC.
