Tor Board Meeting Minutes for October 12, 2017

In person meeting called to order at 8:10 am eastern/12:10 UTC in
Montreal.

Present: Shari Steele, Matt Blaze, Cindy Cohn, Linus Nordberg, Biella
Coleman, Nick Mathewson, and Julius Mittenzwei. Video call in: Megan
Price, Bruce Schneier, and Ramy Raoof.

Brad Parker present to report on financial information. Roger
Dingledine absent.

1. Administrivia

– Introductions of new board members, Ramy Raoof and Julius
  Mittenzwei.

– Approval of two sets of previous minutes.

a) Minutes from June 12, 2017: Cindy moved the motion, Matt seconded,
all voted in favor.

b) Minutes from September 12, 2017: Cindy moved motion, Matt seconded,
all voted in favor.

RESOLVED: minutes from June 12 and September 12, 2017 approved.

– Linus raised a concern about being the sole administrator of the Tor
  Board email list, which is a problem during periods when he
  travels. Julius volunteered to also be an administrator.

– Biella updated the board about the report she will be writing with
  Linus and Julius about the activities accomplished by the board in
  the last year.

– Shari made a request to add relevant policy/resolution sections to
  the minutes. Biella agreed to include them.

2. Finances

a)  Amend disbursement approval 

– Shari explained why this would facilitate payment to contractors.

– Matt: moved the motion to approve the language as appears in the
  board book, Cindy seconded and all voted in favor.

RESOLVED: Acceptance of the following policy: “If a transaction is to
pay a regular monthly contractor who is submitting several monthly
bills at the same time, no second approval is required if each of the
bills is less than $15,000. Furthermore, for transactions to pay
regular monthly contractors, one of those approvals may be provided by
the contractor's project lead.”

b) Finances, current and 6 month fiscal year budget overview

– Cindy requested a financial quarterly report that also included an
  estimated projection and status of grant spending, and Brad reported
  he could provide it.

– Cindy requested a presentation about how government funding
  works. Brad agreed to do this at the next meeting.

– Shari provided an update about new and forthcoming grants.

c) Board resolution to accept policy concerning immediate liquidation
of stock (see Appendix).

– Cindy moved the motion, Biella seconded, all voted in favor.

RESOLVED: Policy concerning immediate liquidation of stock accepted.

d) Discussion whether to add more signatories to the brokerage account

– No addition of any new signatories.

– Shari and Cindy who the board had voted in the past to be brokerage
  account signatories had to sign documents, and Biella signed as the
  clerk but was not added to the brokerage account.

Board closed session 

Meeting adjourned 10:03 am eastern /14:03 UTC

Appendix

TOR PROJECT, INC.
POLICY STATEMENT
ACCEPTANCE OF DONATED STOCK / MARKETABLE SECURITIES

Whereas neither the members of the Tor Project, Inc. (TPI) board of
directors nor its senior staff are professional investment portfolio
managers, it is the policy of this organization to liquidate donated
stock and other marketable securities immediately upon receipt.

The possible transaction cost of this sale is considered small
compared to the risk of loss that can be experienced with delay in the
sale of the stock.

This policy should be communicated to the potential donor to ensure
the donor will not be surprised or offended at the immediate
liquidation of the gift.

An investment account will be maintained with a minimum balance of
cash as required to facilitate the donation of marketable securities
to TPI and liquidation of the securities.  The maintenance of this
account to accommodate these transactions is the responsibility of the
executive director in conjunction with the finance committee of this
organization.
