Tor Board Meeting Minutes for September 29, 2016, #1

In person and public meeting called to order at 10:20 AM Pacific Time
at the Tor Developer Meeting in Seattle, Washington.

Present: Shari Steele, Matt Blaze, Megan Price, Linus Nordberg, Biella
Coleman, Roger Dingledine, Nick Mathewson and many Tor Dev meeting
attendees

1. Introductions of the New Board

2. Explanation of Board Duties, Responsibilities and Limits

– Not involved in day to day operations of Tor Inc.

– There to ensure that legal and financial requirements are in order
  and met.

– Ensure separation between operational staff and board.

3. Introductions of Tor Dev Participants

4. Board Business and Voting

a) Established Quorum for Voting

b) Board Emeritus Category

– New category to recognize the work of ex-board members and be able
  to consult them if needed.

– Megan introduces the motion for establishing an emeritus category,
  Biella seconds and all present vote in favor.

RESOLVED: Board emeritus role established.

c) Addition of President and Vice-president Roles

– Matt explains the reasoning behind the position.

– They are both officers of the corporation and members of the staff
  that report to the Executive Director and work collaboratively with
  the Board of Directors.

– Both positions provide organizational leadership to the organization
  and advise the Executive Director on fiscal, operational,
  fundraising, marketing, human resource, technology and programmatic
  strategies as requested.

– These roles were created to ensure continuity between the past board
  and the present one but also keep operational roles separate from
  board member roles and duties.

– Linus read and put forward motion to approve Roger Dingledine as
  President of Tor, Inc. Megan seconded, and all present voted in
  favor.

RESOLVED: Roger Dingledine voted in as President of Tor, Inc.

– Linus read and put forward motion to approve Nick Mathewson for
  Vice-President. Biella seconded. All present voted in favor.

RESOLVED: Nick Mathewson voted in as Vice-President of Tor, Inc.

5. Community Question and Feedback Period

Meeting adjourned at 12:00 PM
