Tor Board Meeting Minutes for July 14, 2016 

Phone/Video Conference Meeting called to order at 1:00 EDT/10:00 PDT

Present: Shari Steele, Matt Blaze, Cindy Cohn, Megan Price, Bruce
Schneier, Linus Nordberg, Biella Coleman

1. Tor update from Executive Director

- Shari provides an overview of the state or Tor, including budgetary
  state of things, what she has accomplished since taking the position
  of ED, and what is pending in the near future.

2. Introductions

- New board members introduce themselves.

3. Discussion and Voting for Board Positions

- Description of duties.

- There is some confusion as to whether the Executive Director can be
  the President. Cindy volunteers to inquire.

- Biella self-nominates for Clerk, Bruce moves to accept, Matt
  seconds. Unanimous vote.

- Matt self-nominees for Chair, Megan moved and Bruce
  seconded. Unanimous vote.

- Cindy self-nominates for treasurer. Not sure who moved, Biella (and
  believe others seconded) unanimous vote.

RESOLVED: Clerk, Chair, and Treasurer positions have been
filled. President position pending.

4. Discussion of New TPI Policies

- Shari had pre-circulated TPI Employee Communications Policy,
  Harassment Prevention Policy, Internal Complaint Review Policy, and
  Relationships Policy. The Board discussed the documents. Shari
  explains the difference between TPI and the broader community
  project. She provides an overview of the Community Council who are
  working on their Community Code of conduct.

Bruce Schneier leaves call

5. Email Vote Procedure

- Since most members of the board are unable to closely read the four
  policy documents, Matt puts forward a motion to vote via email after
  we had a chance to read them more closely. Cindy adds that we should
  all include in our emails that we have consented to vote and since
  Bruce is not there, he will be contacted to see if he was in favor
  of this procedure. Everyone else is in favor.

Meeting adjourned 14:52 EDT

Minutes Addendum

1. TPI Email Policy Vote

- Shari sent the board the final four TPI policies for vote via email
  on July 15, 2016. Bruce had been contacted and gave his consent to
  move forward by email vote.

- Everyone voted to allow for the vote and to approve the four
  policies.

RESOLVED: Board passes TPI Employee Communications Policy, Harassment
Prevention Policy, Internal Complaint Review Policy, and Relationships
Policy.

2. President Position Discussed and Vote

- Cindy confirmed via email on July 15, 2016 that Shari Steele can
  assume the role of President of Tor even if she's not on the
  board. She double checked with EFF's nonprofit attorney who
  consulted with Massachusetts law.

- Cindy moved to name Shari Steele as President of Tor. Matt consented
  to an email vote, seconded, and voted in favor. Bruce, Megan, Cindy,
  Biella consented to an email vote and voted in favor of the
  motion. Linus consented to vote and abstained from voting since it
  was unclear to him what the role of the president is.

RESOLVED: Board elects Shari Steele as President.
