Tor Board Meeting Minutes for September 29, 2016, #2

Closed Tor Board meeting called to order at 18:15 PM Pacific Time at
Shari Steele's house.

Present: Shari Steele, Matt Blaze, Megan Price, Linus Nordberg, Biella
Coleman, Roger Dingledine, and Nick Mathewson

1. Wendy Seltzer Proposed as Agent of the Board in Massachusetts

– Shari explained why we need someone to receive documents and
  “faithfully tells us what she received” and proposed Wendy Seltzer.

– Matt moved the motion, Megan seconded and all present voted in
  favor.

RESOLVED: Wendy Seltzer appointed as agent of the board in
Massachusetts.

2. Specify the Ex-board Members to be Granted Emeritus Status: Julius
Mittenzwei, Wendy Seltzer and Ian Goldberg

– Matt moved the motion specifying Julius, Wendy, and Ian be appointed
  as emeritus board members. Linus seconded, and all present voted in
  favor.

RESOLVED: Julius Mittenzwei, Wendy Seltzer and Ian Goldberg appointed
as emeritus board members.

3. Timing for Next Tor Survey

– Shari explained that Sue Gardner has offered to run next survey.

– Board discussion about timing and best method to harvest best
  possible questions.

– Agreement that it is best to wait at least another 6-9 months before
  administering a new survey given all the recent changes but we
  should move in about 3-6 months to start planning the survey
  questions.

– Biella and Megan volunteered to help with survey.

4. Bylaws Amendments

– Move to discuss the new bylaws and changes to email so we can vote
  on them during our next board meeting.

– Documents need to be sent to Roger and Nick.

5. Shari Steele Executive Director Review

– We discussed the best time for board to review Shari Steele.

– Matt moves a motion that the ED formal evaluation take place as soon
  as a practical, soon after the fiscal year in Jan. Megan seconded
  and all there voted in favor.

RESOLUTION: Formal Evaluation will occur in January 2017.

6. Motion to Approve Last Meeting Minutes

– Matt moved the motion, Megan seconded, all voted in favor.

RESOLUTION: Meeting minutes approved.

7. Secondary Financial Approval Thresholds

– Currently any transaction over $5,000 needs two approvals. Shari
  explained why this was too low, proposed we move that amount to
  $15,000.

– Motion to make this change proposed by Matt, seconded by Megan and
  all voted in favor.

RESOLVED: Second official to approve financial transaction only needed
when amount is over $15,000.

Meeting adjourned at  19:00 PM
