Job Description

President, The Tor Project, Inc.

The President of the Tor Project, Inc., is a title of authority that
has grown around the role of Tor Project cofounder Roger
Dingledine. The President is an officer of the corporation, is a
member of the staff, reports to the Executive Director, and works
collaboratively with the Board of Directors. The President is a key
leader of the organization and advises the Executive Director on
fiscal, operational, fundraising, marketing, human resource,
technology, and programmatic strategies, as requested.  The President
is a signatory on checks and provides secondary review of expenditures
over $5,000.

Responsibilities

Strategic vision and leadership

* Collaborate with the Executive Director and the Board to ensure that
  the budget, staff and priorities are aligned with the Tor Project,
  Inc.'s, core mission.

* Provide inspirational leadership and direction to the Tor Community
  while ensuring the continued development and management of a
  professional and efficient organization.

* Cultivate a strong and transparent working relationship with the Tor
  Project Board, and ensure open communication about the measurement
  of financial, programmatic, and impact performance against stated
  milestones and goals.

* In partnership with the Executive Director, help build a diverse and
  inclusive Board representative of the Community that is highly
  engaged and willing to leverage and secure resources.

* Provide historical perspective and share lessons learned with the
  Executive Director and Board.

Development

* Help with fundraising, particularly with funders with whom the
  President has personal relationships.

* Help formulate and execute comprehensive marketing, branding and
  development strategies that will ensure consistency throughout the
  organization and enhance revenue from major donors, foundations,
  government agencies, and corporations


Strengthening infrastructure and operations

* Ensure the delivery of high quality services while managing for
  current and future growth.

* Support and motivate the organization's Staff and Community.

* Facilitate cross-departmental collaboration and strengthen internal
  communications with staff throughout the organization; create and
  promote a positive, multicultural work environment that supports
  consistency throughout the organization.

* Call special meetings of the Board as appropriate and guided by the
  organization's bylaws.  Perform such other duties as may be
  requested by the Board.
