Job Description

Vice President, The Tor Project, Inc.

The Vice President of the Tor Project, Inc., is a title of authority
that has grown around the role of Tor Project cofounder Nick
Mathewson.  The Vice President is an officer of the corporation, is a
member of the staff, reports to the Executive Director, and works
collaboratively with the Board of Directors.  The Vice President is a
key leader of the organization and advises the Executive Director on
fiscal, operational, fundraising, marketing, human resource,
technology, and programmatic strategies, as requested.  The Vice
President is a signatory on checks and provides secondary review of
expenditures over $5,000.

Responsibilities

Strategic vision and leadership

* Collaborate with the Executive Director and the Board to ensure that
  the budget, staff and priorities are aligned with the Tor Project,
  Inc.'s, core mission.

* Provide inspirational leadership and direction to the Tor Community
  while ensuring the continued development and management of a
  professional and efficient organization.

* Cultivate a strong and transparent working relationship with the Tor
  Project Board, and ensure open communication about the measurement
  of financial, programmatic, and impact performance against stated
  milestones and goals.


* In partnership with the Executive Director, help build a diverse and
  inclusive Board representative of the Community that is highly
  engaged and willing to leverage and secure resources.

* Provide historical perspective and share lessons learned with the
  Executive Director and Board.

Strengthening infrastructure and operations

* Ensure the delivery of high quality services while managing for
  current and future growth.

* Support and motivate the organization's Staff and Community.

* Facilitate cross-departmental collaboration and strengthen internal
  communications with staff throughout the organization; create and
  promote a positive, multicultural work environment that supports
  consistency throughout the organization.
