Internet Freedom Nonprofit Seeks Executive Director

The Tor Project, Inc., is a 501(c)(3) organization headquartered in
Seattle that provides the technical infrastructure for privacy
protection over the Internet, helping millions of activists,
journalists and others around the world communicate securely. With
paid staff and contractors of around 35 engineers and operational
support people, plus many volunteers all over the world who contribute
to our work, the Tor Project is funded in part by government grants
and contracts, as well as by individual, foundation, and corporate
donations. Our mission is "To advance human rights and freedoms by
creating and deploying free and open anonymity and privacy
technologies, supporting their unrestricted availability and use, and
furthering their scientific and popular understanding."

We are currently seeking an Executive Director to lead the
organization into our next phase of growth and sustainability. This
position can be based anywhere, as our work is international in
scope. This person must be able to communicate regularly with the
staff working on the ground at our organizational headquarters in
Seattle. This position reports directly to the Tor Project Board of
Directors.

The Executive Director sets the tone for the organization, thinks
strategically, and provides leadership and guidance in the day-to-day
operations. The Tor Project does open source software development, and
the Executive Director must be able to engage with various different
stakeholders in managing the organization. Some of the key attributes
of this person should be:

* A strong public commitment to privacy, and a good understanding of
  related debates.

* A good understanding of open source development culture, and a
  commitment to transparent organizations.

* A strong commitment to creating and maintaining a healthy and safe
  working environment, including for remote participants.

* A talent for consensus and community building.

* An ability to effectively support and collaborate with diverse
  groups of people.

* A willingness to share responsibility and leadership of the
  organization with a leadership team.

* An enthusiasm for coaching and developing emerging leaders.

* A natural leadership ability that encourages and empowers others to
  do their best work.

* Strong written and verbal communications skills.

Some of the key requirements of this position are at least five years
or equivalent experience in each of the following areas:

* Nonprofit fundraising, including raising money from government
  contracts and grants, foundations, corporations and individual
  contributions;

* Talking to and working with the press, including being active and
  visible in promoting organizational goals and enhancing the
  organization's image;

* Solid, hands-on, budget management skills, including budget
  preparation, analysis, decision-making and reporting;

* Human resource administration, including working with a leadership
  team and hiring and firing experience;

* Working closely with a board of directors;

* Non-profit operations, including managing an office and planning
  events, ideally remotely; and

* Running a corporation of at least $3 million in yearly revenue,
  including an ability to recognize when outside professional
  assistance is required.

The successful candidate will have a global perspective on privacy and
censorship issues and an ability to balance "survival issues" (like
next year's funding) with "mission issues" (like making sure we're
actually moving our programs in a good direction). This person will
have the ability to work remotely and work with remote workers. To
this end, this person must be willing to adapt to daily use of privacy
enhancing technologies used to communicate with others. Prior
experience working with software development or internet people is a
plus.

The Tor Project has made a commitment to being a safe, fair, and
diverse workplace. Our new Executive Director must be committed to
these values and to continuing to foster a welcoming work environment.
